docs: add v0.3.3 release notes to the CHANGELOG (#491)
openfga/openfga: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.3.3] - 2023-01-31

[Full changelog](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/compare/v0.3.2...v0.3.3)

### Added

> * Environment variable namings have been updated (#472). For example, `OPENFGA_MAXTUPLESPERWRITE` may now be referred to as `OPENFGA_MAX_TUPLES_PER_WRITE`. For the full list please see [.config-schema.json](./.config-schema.json). For the moment we still support the old form, but that will be dropped in a future version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Environment variable names have been updated (#472).
  For example, `OPENFGA_MAX_TUPLES_PER_WRITE` instead of `OPENFGA_MAXTUPLESPERWRITE`.
  For the full list please see [.config-schema.json](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/blob/main/.config-schema.json).
  The old form still works but is considered deprecated and should not be used anymore.
```

Author: Thank you!

> * Optimized ListObjects is now on by default (#489)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Optimized ListObjects is now on by default (#489) (`--experimentals="list-objects-optimized"` is no longer needed)
```

Author: Thank you!
